Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
There are birds called demoiselle cranes.
Amazing things that migrate
over the Himalayas for the winter.
You can probably get there
using the same method.
As the cranes?
First, go to the northern cliff.
Northern cliff?
Right. Jump off of the northern cliff
at a speed of at least 15 kph.
After you fall for two seconds,
then right here...
whoosh!
I spread my wings.
Then, if you catch one of the updrafts
that occur there during this season,
it'll automatically carry you
above the clouds.
Once you're above the clouds,
start flying towards Canopus.
Towards Canopus? What's there?
A white ship hidden among the stars.
A ship?
An enormous airship built during the war
called the Moby Dick.
It's Market Maker's base of operations.
If she's anywhere, that's where she'll be.
Would Yuna...
be waiting for me?
I told you, didn't I?
That I was the one
who deciphered the Jetblack inscription.
Yeah.
Everyone said the glyphs
couldn't be cracked
because the meaning changes
depending on their combination
and reading direction.
Vertically, horizontally, diagonally.
Odd numbers, even numbers.
Prime numbers, roots.
Countless patterns exist,
with each of them
forming their own sentences.
Not many know this,
CULTURE, ECONOMICS, PHILOSOPHY, GEOGRAPHY
but the slab contains as much information
and mythology as the Bible.
MEDICINE, RELIGION, ART, LANGUAGE, HISTORY
Of course,
it was full of similes and metaphors,
so there's a lot you can't make sense of.
But one passage is hard to ignore.
"The Tale of the Two Shrine Maidens."
On the night of the 13th full moon,
the man chosen by the two shrine maidens
gained power, companions, and wings,
and became the black-winged king.
Their purpose fulfilled, the two maidens
presented to him a blade that burned blue.
"Decapitate one of us," they said.
The maiden whose head was cut off
turned to ash and merged with the king,
granting him still another power.
The remaining maiden became his wife and
fought at his side atop Cremona's summit
and shared his fate when the end came.
Does that sound familiar?
Me, my father... No, everyone
who ever came into contact with it,
we all became driven by that tablet.
If we define god as something eternal
that can bend fate to its will,
then that tablet itself is god.
If we're driven by that tablet,
then as long as I have
anything to do with it... Yuna will die.
If there really is such a thing as fate,
then accept it all.
If you don't like it, then fight back.
Koku.
Don't fear the future.
The hope, the despair...
see it all for yourself.
This is the beginning.
You and I will save our brethren together.
It won't be you.
His world is strictly below the clouds.
Even if he should try to reach the stars,
his wings will simply be burned by ice,
and he will fall.
Just like Icarus.
He's going to come.
Koku will definitely...
He probably won't use the main streets.
You can't predict travel time.
These roads over here
would be the safer bet.
He'd stand out more in alleys.
He's on the run. Would he use a street
he knew was prone to traffic jams?
None of that matters.
As far as he's concerned,
this is an ordinary day.
I don't know
if I can call this an ordinary anything.
In any event,
we'll never make any headway.
We have to narrow down the search.
What is it?
That crowd search software I used earlier.
We may be able to use it.
Of course.
We just need to tweak it
so it flags any cars behaving irregularly.
Can you do that?
I can, but there's one small problem.
There aren't enough satellites.
If I can get 1/200,000,000th
of the Earth...
That's a radius of 1.8 km.
How many do you want?
Two more.
This is okay, right?
Oh my.
Will that do?
How did you...
Something this old-timer taught me
long ago.
Lily's life is on the line. Hurry.
No one is coming to your rescue.
He won't have enough time...
to find this place.
Got it.
Where is he?
-Heading for the harbor area.
-The sea?
Kaela, display his maximum travel distance
centered around those spots.
-You mean by ship.
-Right.
At what speed?
Use the average.
There's no traffic at sea.
That's 22 knots.
So around 0.5 miles?
What about the margin of error?
Use another color.
-What's this?
-The Ramon Ports & Harbors District.
It's military-controlled
and off-limits to the public.
Ramon?
Where have I heard that name before?
From Ramon Psychiatric Hospital, remember?
Dead Kyle.
Yes. That's the hospital
where he was being treated.
Hospital?
His adoptive father was a navy man,
so maybe he pulled some strings
to get him admitted.
It seems they also have ties to us.
What?
Look at this.
Apparently, unclaimed bodies are delivered
to the lab to be used as cadavers.
Dead bodies? Delivered?
It's the anniversary of her death, huh?
The year flew by.
Erika.
This country is crawling with more
discarded Reggies than you can imagine.
It's just that no one is noticing it.
Another cadaver?
No.
That's not right.
Another cadaver?
Thanks.
Kaela, go through Gilbert's exit logs.
From the lab? Sure, hang on.
No way.
According to the logs,
Gilbert Ross hasn't left the lab.
What?
In the past eight years, how many times
has Gilbert worked past midnight?
Thirty-seven times.
Black hair, fair skin, brown eyes.
Around 25 years old, under 160 cm.
How many unsolved disappearances
are of women fitting that profile?
Thirty-seven incidents.
No doubt about it.
Gilbert's lair...
is right here.
Kaela, can you pull up
this building's blueprints?
Looks like there are a lot. Which one?
All of them.
It's been altered a lot.
They kept adding to it
over the past 300 years.
That explains why each floor
is a different architectural style.
Kaela, display the plans,
but separated out by year.
Give me a second.
-Also, show us attics and crawlspaces.
-Okay.
-Voids between the additions.
-Done.
Any dead space larger than 180 cm.
That's this one.
Done.
It's right under our noses,
but we don't see it.
Kaela, call for backup!
-We can't.
-Why not?
Think about it.
Could he pull all this off by himself?
It's not possible.
But...
We don't know how many people
he has on the inside.
It's possible that there's more of them
than there are of us.
We need a decisive blow
or they'll crush us.
What should we do, then?
We'll put an end to this all by ourselves.
Take these off me.
Let's go.
Right!
When we catch Gilbert,
what do you plan to do with him?
There was a space like this
hidden inside the station house?
There's... There's so many!
Puzo.
Who's that?
The chief executive
of the Jaula Blanca Institute,
the organization dedicated
to reviving the divine bloodline,
Albert Puzo.
Father of Gilbert Ross,
and the first man he ever killed.
This is where he began.
He killed everyone here by himself?
This is far more than 37 people!
What would he do this for?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
You must be joking!
This is madness! Keith!
Nothing but simple madness!
I've investigated him for a long time.
He probably noticed as well.
But nothing's changed.
He kills people
like the rest of us breathe,
and then resumes his routine
as if nothing happened.
Days later, someone else is arrested,
and after they confess,
they die in one way or another.
Suicide. Murder. Sickness.
After everything has been reset,
he goes back to his daily routine.
That's crazy! He couldn't possibly...
He could.
All you need is immense power.
A heart incapable of remorse. And...
a brain that's superior
to everyone around you.
Hello, Keith. Are you still there?
Where's Lily?
She really does look like Erika,
doesn't she?
Right down to the color of her skin
and of her eyes.
So tell me,
what do you want me to do?
Whatever you want.
You only used one scalpel, huh?
Looks like you ran out of here
in a big hurry.
Did we get here early?
You don't have Lily with you.
And she isn't dead.
Because you couldn't use Lily
to slow me down if she were dead.
Gilbert. I'm not the man I used to be.
I have teammates this time.
Don't make me laugh. Teammates?
You're going to escape tonight.
For now, that's fine. Run.
But no matter how far you go,
the only thing waiting for you
will be despair and darkness.
I will hunt you down, and I will find you.
And then I'll kill you
with my own two hands.
I'm happy to hear you say those words,
my dear friend Keith Flick.
Excuse me, is this--
Lily!
-Keith?
-Here!
She's been drugged!
Lily!
Lily, hang on!
It's okay, move that one!
Lily!
She'll be fine!
Set up a cordon! And get an ambulance!
Kaela!
Yes, sir!
Gilbert escaped! Lock down the area
around the station immediately!
Roger that! Um...
-We've got Lily back in one piece.
-Seriously?
But she's been injected with a drug.
Call for an ambo!
Roger!
This is what he used to get away?
You're pretty amazing.
I'm moving up the timetable!
Kill everyone with ties
to the Royal Police! Do it right now!
Use the gas if needed!
We're busy right now.
What?
Our hands are full at the moment.
We can't spare any time to deal with you.
You... Are you trying to be funny?
Not at all.
We're grateful to you. You saved us.
But...
we also saved you.
Minatsuki.
Well, I have things to do. Sorry.
Hey! Wait! Minats--
Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it, damn it, damn it!
I knew. I can't beat Keith.
I knew that.
And yet he...
Erika, don't go!
Erika! Erika!
Erika!
Erika! Erika! Don't go.
Don't leave me.
Erika.
He's finally dead?
They're all behaving so predictably,
it's almost funny.
They're so simple.
All that's left now is the epilogue.
Let's finish this, Genie.
Subtitle translation by David Fleming
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org